horror

 the immortal rules

To survive in a ruined world, she must embrace the darkness?

Allison Sekemoto survives in the Fringe, the outermost circle of a walled-in city. By day, she and her crew scavenge for food. By night, any one of them could be eaten. Some days, all that drives Allie is her hatred of them—the vampires who keep humans as blood cattle. Until the night Allie herself dies and becomes one of the monsters.

Forced to flee her city, Allie must pass for human as she joins a ragged group of pilgrims seeking a legend—a place that might have a cure for the disease that killed off most of civilization and created the rabids, the bloodthirsty creatures who threaten human and vampire alike. And soon Allie will have to decide what and who is worth dying for? again.

Enter Julie Kagawa's dark and twisted world as an unforgettable journey begins.


author : Julie Kagawa
Published April 24th 2012 by Harlequin Teen
Original TitleThe Immortal Rules

Edition LanguageEnglish

CharactersAllison Sekemoto, Stick, Kanin, Jackal, Zeke Crosse
Literary AwardsGoodreads Choice Award Nominee for Best Young Adult Fantasy & Science Fiction (2012)


the vampires hunter daughters:


This special edition of The Vampire Hunter’s Daughter contains parts I-VI, the complete collection. Fourteen-year-old Chloe witnesses her mother’s murder at the hands of a vampire. Before the vampire can kidnap her, there is an unexpected rescue by a group of vampire hunters. Overwhelmed by the feeling of safety, Chloe passes out and they whisk her away to their small community. When Chloe wakes, she comes face to face with the only other living relative, besides her mother, whom she has ever met: her grandfather. Chloe’s mother kept her hidden from the family; now, Chloe tries to unveil the family secrets. Through her grandfather, she learns her mother was a vampire hunter. In fact, her entire family is descended from the powerful bloodlines of vampire hunters. Chloe agrees to join the family she has never known for one reason only: Chloe vows to kill the vampire responsible for her mother’s murder. With vengeance in her soul, Chloe is even more determined to follow through on her vow when she discovers the true identity of her enemy and how he is connected to her. Experience the world of vampires hunter’s, vampires and mythology with Chloe in this exciting series.


 Jennifer Malone Wright

Published June 5th 2012 by Jennichad Books

Edition LanguageEnglish
SeriesThe Vampire Hunter's Daughter 



the wronged sons :

What would you do if the person you loved suddenly vanished into thin air? 

Catherine’s cosy life as a housewife and mum-of-three is quickly thrown into disarray when husband Simon disappears without explanation. She is convinced he hasn’t left by choice as confusion and spiraling debts threaten to tear her family apart. 

Meanwhile Simon has begun a carefree new life travelling the world. And he’s determined not to disclose his past to all he meets, even if it means resorting to extreme and violent measures.

But why did he leave? Catherine only gets her answer 25 years later when Simon suddenly reappears on her doorstep.

During their furious final confrontation, they discover the secrets, lies and misunderstandings that tore them apart, then brought them face-to-face one last time

.



Published July 26th 2014 by John Marrs (first published September 5th 2013)


feed:

The year was 2014. We had cured cancer. We had beaten the common cold. But in doing so we created something new, something terrible that no one could stop. 

The infection spread, virus blocks taking over bodies and minds with one, unstoppable command: FEED. Now, twenty years after the Rising, bloggers Georgia and Shaun Mason are on the trail of the biggest story of their lives—the dark conspiracy behind the infected. 

The truth will get out, even if it kills them.


Published May 1st 2010 by Orbit
Original TitleFeed
ISBN 0316081051 (ISBN13: 9780316081054)
Edition LanguageEnglish

SeriesNewsflesh #1
CharactersGeorgia Mason, Shaun Mason, Georgette "Buffy" Meissonier, Peter Ryman, Richard Cousins, Rebecca Atherton, Alaric Kwong, Mahir Gowda...less



rot and ruin


In the zombie-infested, post-apocalyptic America where Benny Imura lives, every teenager must find a job by the time they turn fifteen or get their rations cut in half. Benny doesn't want to apprentice as a zombie hunter with his boring older brother Tom, but he has no choice. He expects a tedious job whacking zoms for cash, but what he gets is a vocation that will teach him what it means to be human.

 Jonathan Maberry 

Original TitleRot & Ruin
ISBN 1442402326 (ISBN13: 9781442402324)
Edition LanguageEnglish
SeriesRot & Ruin #1
CharactersBenjamin Imura, Tom Imura, Nix Riley settingCalifornia (United States) 

Literary AwardsBram Stoker Award Nominee for Best Novel (2010), Lincoln Award Nominee (2016), Cybils Award for Young Adult Fantasy & Science Fiction (2010), Missouri Gateway Readers Award (2013)



the hauting of hill house


Shirley Jackson, Laura Miller 

First published in 1959, Shirley Jackson's The Haunting of Hill House has been hailed as a perfect work of unnerving terror. It is the story of four seekers who arrive at a notoriously unfriendly pile called Hill House: Dr. Montague, an occult scholar looking for solid evidence of a "haunting"; Theodora, his lighthearted assistant; Eleanor, a friendless, fragile young woman well acquainted with poltergeists; and Luke, the future heir of Hill House. At first, their stay seems destined to be merely a spooky encounter with inexplicable phenomena. But Hill House is gathering its powers—and soon it will choose one of them to make its own. 

Published November 28th 2006 by Penguin Classics (first published 1959)
Original TitleThe Haunting ?f Hill House
ISBN 0143039989 (ISBN13: 9780143039983)
Edition LanguageEnglish
CharactersDr. John Montague, Eleanor Vance, Theodora (The Haunting of Hill House), Luke Sanderson, Mrs. Montague
Literary AwardsNational Book Award Finalist for Fiction (1960)


anna dressed in blood


by Kendare Blake

Cas Lowood has inherited an unusual vocation: He kills the dead.

So did his father before him, until he was gruesomely murdered by a ghost he sought to kill. Now, armed with his father's mysterious and deadly athame, Cas travels the country with his kitchen-witch mother and their spirit-sniffing cat. They follow legends and local lore, destroy the murderous dead, and keep pesky things like the future and friends at bay.

Searching for a ghost the locals call Anna Dressed in Blood, Cas expects the usual: track, hunt, kill. What he finds instead is a girl entangled in curses and rage, a ghost like he's never faced before. She still wears the dress she wore on the day of her brutal murder in 1958: once white, now stained red and dripping with blood. Since her death, Anna has killed any and every person who has dared to step into the deserted Victorian she used to call home.

Yet she spares Cas's life. 

Published October 17th 2011 by Tor Teen
Original TitleAnna Dressed in Blood
ISBN 0765328658 (ISBN13: 9780765328656)
Edition LanguageEnglish
SeriesAnna #1
CharactersCas Lowood, Anna Korlov settingThunder Bay, Ontario (Canada) 

Literary AwardsLincoln Award Nominee (2015), Cybils Award Nominee for Fantasy & Science Fiction (Young Adult) (2011), Missouri Gateway Readers Award Nominee (2014)


the exorcist

William Peter Blatty


Four decades after it first shook the nation, then the world, William Peter Blatty's thrilling masterwork of faith and demonic possession returns in an even more powerful form. Raw and profane, shocking and blood-chilling, it remains a modern parable of good and evil and perhaps the most terrifying novel ever written.

Published February 1st 1994 by HarperTorch (first published 1971)
Original TitleThe Exorcist
ISBN 0061007226 (ISBN13: 9780061007224)
Edition LanguageEnglish
SeriesThe Exorcist #1
CharactersLankester Merrin, Pazuzu, Damien Karras, Regan MacNeil, Chris MacNeil
Literary AwardsCalifornia Book Award Gold Medal Nominee for Fiction (1971), Audie Award for Narration by the Author or Authors (2000)


sci-fi::::


enders game

by Orson Scott Card

Andrew "Ender" Wiggin thinks he is playing computer simulated war games; he is, in fact, engaged in something far more desperate. The result of genetic experimentation, Ender may be the military genius Earth desperately needs in a war against an alien enemy seeking to destroy all human life. The only way to find out is to throw Ender into ever harsher training, to chip away and find the diamond inside, or destroy him utterly. Ender Wiggin is six years old when it begins. He will grow up fast.

But Ender is not the only result of the experiment. The war with the Buggers has been raging for a hundred years, and the quest for the perfect general has been underway almost as long. Ender's two older siblings, Peter and Valentine, are every bit as unusual as he is, but in very different ways. While Peter was too uncontrollably violent, Valentine very nearly lacks the capability for violence altogether. Neither was found suitable for the military's purpose. But they are driven by their jealousy of Ender, and by their inbred drive for power. Peter seeks to control the political process, to become a ruler. Valentine's abilities turn more toward the subtle control of the beliefs of commoner and elite alike, through powerfully convincing essays. Hiding their youth and identities behind the anonymity of the computer networks, these two begin working together to shape the destiny of Earth-an Earth that has no future at all if their brother Ender fails.



Literary AwardsHugo Award Nominee for Best Novel (2011), Shirley Jackson Award Nominee for Novel (Finalist) (2010), Goodreads Choice Award for Science Fiction (2010)



the hungers game

by Suzanne Collins

The nation of Panem, formed from a post-apocalyptic North America, is a country that consists of a wealthy Capitol region surrounded by 12 poorer districts. Early in its history, a rebellion led by a 13th district against the Capitol resulted in its destruction and the creation of an annual televised event known as the Hunger Games. In punishment, and as a reminder of the power and grace of the Capitol, each district must yield one boy and one girl between the ages of 12 and 18 through a lottery system to participate in the games. The 'tributes' are chosen during the annual Reaping and are forced to fight to the death, leaving only one survivor to claim victory.

When 16-year-old Katniss's young sister, Prim, is selected as District 12's female representative, Katniss volunteers to take her place. She and her male counterpart Peeta, are pitted against bigger, stronger representatives, some of whom have trained for this their whole lives. , she sees it as a death sentence. But Katniss has been close to death before. For her, survival is second nature. 


Published September 14th 2008 by Scholastic Press
Original TitleThe Hunger Games
ISBN 0439023483 (ISBN13: 9780439023481)
Edition LanguageEnglish
URLhttp://www.hungergamestrilogy.net
SeriesThe Hunger Games #1
CharactersKatniss Everdeen, Peeta Mellark, Cato, Primrose Everdeen, Gale Hawthorne...more settingDistrict 12, Panem 
Capitol, Panem 
Panem (United States) 

Literary AwardsGeorgia Peach Book Award (2009), Buxtehuder Bulle (2009), Golden Duck Award for Hal Clement Award for Young Adult (2009), Books I Loved Best Yearly (BILBY) Awards for Older Readers (2012), West Australian Young Readers' Book Award (WAYRBA) for Older Readers (2010)



the giver:

by Lois Lowry


Twelve-year-old Jonas lives in a seemingly ideal world. Not until he is given his life assignment as the Receiver does he begin to understand the dark secrets behind this fragile community.

1994 Newbery Medal winner. Twelve-year-old Jonas lives in a seemingly ideal world. Not until he is given his life assignment as the Receiver does he begin to understand the dark secrets behind this fragile community.

Published January 24th 2006 by Ember (first published April 26th 1993)
Original TitleThe Giver
ISBN 0385732554 (ISBN13: 9780385732550)
Edition LanguageEnglish
SeriesThe Giver #1
CharactersRosemary, Fiona Waters, Mother, Father, Jonas...more
Literary AwardsNewbery Medal (1994), Mythopoeic Fantasy Award Nominee for Children's Literature (1994), Golden Duck Award for Hal Clement Award for Young Adult (1994), Garden State Book Award for Teen Fiction Grades 6-8 (1996), Rebecca Caudill Young Reader's Book Award (1996) 



contact


by Carl Sagan

For centuries humanity has dreamed of life and intelligence beyond the Earth; for decades scientists have searched for it in every corner of the sky; for years Project Argus, a vast, sophisticated complex of radio telescopes, has listened for a signal indicating the existence, somewhere in the universe, of extraterrestrial intelligence.

Then, one afternoon, the course of human history is changed, abruptly and forever. The Message, awaited for so long, it's very possibility doubted by so many, arrives.

Contact has been made. Life, intelligence, someone, something beyond Earth, 26 light-years away, in the vicinity of the star Vega, is calling, beaming across space a wholly unexpected message to say that we are not - have never been - alone. 

Published August 28th 1997 by Pocket (first published September 1985)
Original TitleContact
ISBN 2266079999 (ISBN13: 9782266079990)
Edition LanguageEnglish
CharactersEllie Arroway settingWyoming (United States) 

Literary AwardsLocus Award for Best First Novel (1986)


the time machine

by H.G. Wells, Greg Bear

So begins the Time Traveller’s astonishing firsthand account of his journey 800,000 years beyond his own era—and the story that launched H.G. Wells’s successful career and earned him his reputation as the father of science fiction. With a speculative leap that still fires the imagination, Wells sends his brave explorer to face a future burdened with our greatest hopes...and our darkest fears. A pull of the Time Machine’s lever propels him to the age of a slowly dying Earth.  There he discovers two bizarre races—the ethereal Eloi and the subterranean Morlocks—who not only symbolize the duality of human nature, but offer a terrifying portrait of the men of tomorrow as well.  Published in 1895, this masterpiece of invention captivated readers on the threshold of a new century. Thanks to Wells’s expert storytelling and provocative insight, The Time Machine will continue to enthrall readers for generations to come.

Published October 1st 2002 by Signet Classics (first published May 7th 1895)
Original TitleThe Time Machine
ISBN 0451528557 (ISBN13: 9780451528551)
Edition LanguageEnglish
CharactersWeena, The Time Traveller settingLondon, England (United Kingdom) 



the martian chronicles

ray bradbury

The strange and wonderful tale of man’s experiences on Mars, filled with intense images and astonishing visions. Now part of the Voyager Classics collection.
The Martian Chronicles tells the story of humanity’s repeated attempts to colonize the red planet. The first men were few. Most succumbed to a disease they called the Great Loneliness when they saw their home planet dwindle to the size of a fist. They felt they had never been born. Those few that survived found no welcome on Mars. The shape-changing Martians thought they were native lunatics and duly locked them up.

But more rockets arrived from Earth, and more, piercing the hallucinations projected by the Martians. People brought their old prejudices with them – and their desires and fantasies, tainted dreams. These were soon inhabited by the strange native beings, with their caged flowers and birds of flame.


snow crash

neal stephenson

In reality, Hiro Protagonist delivers pizza for Uncle Enzo’s CosoNostra Pizza Inc., but in the Metaverse he’s a warrior prince. Plunging headlong into the enigma of a new computer virus that’s striking down hackers everywhere, he races along the neon-lit streets on a search-and-destroy mission for the shadowy virtual villain threatening to bring about infocalypse. Snow Crash is a mind-altering romp through a future America so bizarre, so outrageous…you’ll recognize it immediately. 

Published August 2nd 2000 by Bantam Books (first published June 1992)
Original TitleSnow Crash
ISBN 0553380958 (ISBN13: 9780553380958)
Edition LanguageEnglish
CharactersHiro Protagonist, Y.T., Da5id Meier, Juanita Marquez, Dr. Emanuel Lagos...more settingUnited States of America 

Literary AwardsArthur C. Clarke Award Nominee (1994), British Science Fiction Association Award Nominee (1993), Grand Prix de l'Imaginaire for Roman étranger (1997), Prometheus Award Nominee for Best Novel (1993), Washington State Book Award (1993)


love::::


romeo and juliet

by William Shakespeare, Robert Jackson

In Romeo and Juliet, Shakespeare creates a world of violence and generational conflict in which two young people fall in love and die because of that love. The story is rather extraordinary in that the normal problems faced by young lovers are here so very large. It is not simply that the families of Romeo and Juliet disapprove of the lover's affection for each other; rather, the Montagues and the Capulets are on opposite sides in a blood feud and are trying to kill each other on the streets of Verona. Every time a member of one of the two families dies in the fight, his relatives demand the blood of his killer. Because of the feud, if Romeo is discovered with Juliet by her family, he will be killed. Once Romeo is banished, the only way that Juliet can avoid being married to someone else is to take a potion that apparently kills her, so that she is burried with the bodies of her slain relatives. In this violent, death-filled world, the movement of the story from love at first sight to the union of the lovers in death seems almost inevitable.
What is so striking about this play is that despite its extraordinary setting (one perhaps reflecting Elizabethan attitudes about hot-blooded Italians), it has become the quintessential story of young love. Because most young lovers feel that they have to overcome giant obstacles in order to be together, because they feel that they would rather die than be kept apart, and especially because the language Shakespeare gives his young lovers is so exquisite, allowing them to say to each other just what we would all say to a lover if we only knew how, it is easy to respond to this play as if it were about all young lovers rather than about a particular couple in a very unusual world. (When the play was rewritten in the eighteen century as The History and Fall of Caius Marius, the violent setting became that of a particularly discordant period in classical Rome; when Leonard Berstein rewrote the play as West Side Story, he chose the violent world of New York street gangs.)


Published January 1st 2004 by Washington Square Press (first published 1597)
Original TitleAn Excellent conceited Tragedie of Romeo and Juliet
ISBN 0743477111 (ISBN13: 9780743477116)
Edition LanguageEnglish
CharactersRomeo Montague, Juliet Capulet, Tybalt, Mercutio, Benvolio...more

gone with the wind

margaret mitchell

Gone with the Wind is a novel written by Margaret Mitchell, first published in 1936. The story is set in Clayton County, Georgia, and Atlanta during the American Civil War and Reconstruction era. It depicts the struggles of young Scarlett O'Hara, the spoiled daughter of a well-to-do plantation owner, who must use every means at her disposal to claw her way out of the poverty she finds herself in after Sherman's March to the Sea. A historical novel, the story is a Bildungsroman or coming-of-age story, with the title taken from a poem written by Ernest Dowson. 

Gone with the Wind was popular with American readers from the onset and was the top American fiction bestseller in the year it was published and in 1937. As of 2014, a Harris poll found it to be the second favorite book of American readers, just behind the Bible. More than 30 million copies have been printed worldwide.



Published April 1st 1999 by Grand Central Publishing (first published 1936)
Original TitleGone with the Wind
ISBN 0446675539 (ISBN13: 9780446675536)
Edition LanguageEnglish
CharactersScarlett O'Hara, Rhett Butler, Ashley Wilkes, Melanie Hamilton Wilkes, Wade Hampton Hamilton...more settingAtlanta, Georgia (United States) 

Literary AwardsPulitzer Prize for Novel (1937), National Book Award for Novel (1936)



the princess bride::

by William Goldman

What happens when the most beautiful girl in the world marries the handsomest prince of all time and he turns out to be...well...a lot less than the man of her dreams?

As a boy, William Goldman claims, he loved to hear his father read the S. Morgenstern classic, The Princess Bride. But as a grown-up he discovered that the boring parts were left out of good old Dad's recitation, and only the "good parts" reached his ears.

Now Goldman does Dad one better. He's reconstructed the "Good Parts Version" to delight wise kids and wide-eyed grownups everywhere.

What's it about? Fencing. Fighting. True Love. Strong Hate. Harsh Revenge. A Few Giants. Lots of Bad Men. Lots of Good Men. Five or Six Beautiful Women. Beasties Monstrous and Gentle. Some Swell Escapes and Captures. Death, Lies, Truth, Miracles, and a Little Sex.

In short, it's about everything.

Published July 15th 2003 by Ballantine Books (Ballantine Reader's Circle) (first published 1973)
Original TitleThe Princess Bride
ISBN 0345418263 (ISBN13: 9780345418265)
Edition LanguageEnglish
CharactersButtercup, Westley, Prince Humperdinck, Inigo Montoya, Fezzik



never never

by Colleen Hoover

Best friends since they could walk. In love since the age of fourteen.

Complete strangers since this morning.

He'll do anything to remember. She'll do anything to forget.


Published January 7th 2015 by Hoover Ink
Original TitleNever Never
ASINB00RZVNDSS
Edition LanguageEnglish
SeriesNever Never #1
CharactersCharlie Wynwood, Silas Nash



thoughtfull:"

by S.C. Stephens

Every story has two sides, and in this new book, the epic love story between Kiera and Kellan is shown through his eyes. 

All Kellan Kyle needs is his guitar, and some clean sheets of paper. Growing up in a house that was far from a home, he learned a hard lesson: You're worthless. Now his life is comfortably filled with passionate music, loyal band mates, and fast women... until he meets her. 

Kiera makes him ache for more. Makes him feel for the first time that he's worth more. But there's one problem— she's his best friend's girl. 

Published February 24th 2015 by Forever
ASINB00LLIJ1DW
Edition LanguageEnglish
SeriesThoughtless #1.5
CharactersKellan Kyle, Denny Harris, Kiera Allen



confess:

by Colleen Hoover

Auburn Reed is determined to rebuild her shattered life and she has no room for mistakes. But when she walks into a Dallas art studio in search of a job, she doesn’t expect to become deeply attracted to the studio’s enigmatic artist, Owen Gentry.

For once, Auburn takes a chance and puts her heart in control, only to discover that Owen is hiding a huge secret. The magnitude of his past threatens to destroy everything Auburn loves most, and the only way to get her life back on track is to cut Owen out of it—but can she do it?
Just when Kellan thought his emotional defenses were rock solid, Kiera's indecisive heart wreaks havoc on his soul, changing him forever. Losing Kiera is not an option. 


humor::::



calvin and hobbes


by Bill Watterson, G.B. Trudeau 

This is the first collection of the popular comic strip that features Calvin, a rambunctious 6-year-old boy, and his stuffed tiger, Hobbes, who comes charmingly to life.

Published 1987 by Andrews McMeel Publishing
Original TitleCalvin and Hobbes
ISBN 0836220889 (ISBN13: 9780836220889)
Edition LanguageEnglish
SeriesCalvin and Hobbes #1 



A Confederacy of Dunces

by John Kennedy Toole, Walker Percy 
"A green hunting cap squeezed the top of the fleshy balloon of a head. The green earflaps, full of large ears and uncut hair and the fine bristles that grew in the ears themselves, stuck out on either side like turn signals indicating two directions at once. Full, pursed lips protruded beneath the bushy black moustache and, at their corners, sank into little folds filled with disapproval and potato chip crumbs."

Meet Ignatius J. Reilly, the hero of John Kennedy Toole's tragicomic tale, A Confederacy of Dunces. This 30-year-old medievalist lives at home with his mother in New Orleans, pens his magnum opus on Big Chief writing pads he keeps hidden under his bed, and relays to anyone who will listen the traumatic experience he once had on a Greyhound Scenicruiser bound for Baton Rouge. ("Speeding along in that bus was like hurtling into the abyss.") But Ignatius's quiet life of tyrannizing his mother and writing his endless comparative history screeches to a halt when he is almost arrested by the overeager Patrolman Mancuso--who mistakes him for a vagrant--and then involved in a car accident with his tipsy mother behind the wheel. One thing leads to another, and before he knows it, Ignatius is out pounding the pavement in search of a job.

Over the next several hundred pages, our hero stumbles from one adventure to the next. His stint as a hotdog vendor is less than successful, and he soon turns his employers at the Levy Pants Company on their heads. Ignatius's path through the working world is populated by marvelous secondary characters: the stripper Darlene and her talented cockatoo; the septuagenarian secretary Miss Trixie, whose desperate attempts to retire are constantly, comically thwarted; gay blade Dorian Greene; sinister Miss Lee, proprietor of the Night of Joy nightclub; and Myrna Minkoff, the girl Ignatius loves to hate. The many subplots that weave through A Confederacy of Dunces are as complicated as anything you'll find in a Dickens novel, and just as beautifully tied together in the end. But it is Ignatius--selfish, domineering, and deluded, tragic and comic and larger than life--who carries the story. He is a modern-day Quixote beset by giants of the modern age. His fragility cracks the shell of comic bluster, revealing a deep streak of melancholy beneath the antic humor. John Kennedy Toole committed suicide in 1969 and never saw the publication of his novel. Ignatius Reilly is what he left behind, a fitting memorial to a talented and tormented life.


Published January 1994 by Grove Weidenfeld (first published January 1980)
Original TitleA Confederacy of Dunces
ISBN 0802130208 (ISBN13: 9780802130204)
Edition LanguageEnglish
CharactersIgnatius Jacques Reilly, Myrna Minkoff, Irene Reilly, Santa Battaglia, Angelo Mancuso...more settingNew Orleans, Louisiana (United States) 

Literary AwardsPulitzer Prize for Fiction (1981), PEN/Faulkner Award for Fiction Nominee (1981)



furiously happy


by Jenny Lawson

In LET'S PRETEND THIS NEVER HAPPENED, Jenny Lawson baffled readers with stories about growing up the daughter of a taxidermist. In her new book, FURIOUSLY HAPPY, Jenny explores her lifelong battle with mental illness. A hysterical, ridiculous book about crippling depression and anxiety? That sounds like a terrible idea. And terrible ideas are what Jenny does best.

According to Jenny: "Some people might think that being 'furiously happy' is just an excuse to be stupid and irresponsible and invite a herd of kangaroos over to your house without telling your husband first because you suspect he would say no since he's never particularly liked kangaroos. And that would be ridiculous because no one would invite a herd of kangaroos into their house. Two is the limit. I speak from personal experience. My husband says that none is the new limit. I say he should have been clearer about that before I rented all those kangaroos."

"Most of my favorite people are dangerously fucked-up but you'd never guess because we've learned to bare it so honestly that it becomes the new normal. Like John Hughes wrote in The Breakfast Club, 'We're all pretty bizarre. Some of us are just better at hiding it.' Except go back and cross out the word 'hiding.'"

Jenny's first book, LET'S PRETEND THIS NEVER HAPPENED, was ostensibly about family, but deep down it was about celebrating your own weirdness. FURIOUSLY HAPPY is a book about mental illness, but under the surface it's about embracing joy in fantastic and outrageous ways-and who doesn't need a bit more of that?


Published September 22nd 2015 by Flatiron Books
Original TitleFuriously Happy
ISBN 1250077001 (ISBN13: 9781250077004)
Edition LanguageEnglish
Literary AwardsAudie Award for Humor (2016), Goodreads Choice Award Nominee for Humor (2015)



bridgetJones diary

by Helen Fielding


Meet Bridget Jones—a 30-something Singleton who is certain she would have all the answers if she could:
a. lose 7 pounds
b. stop smoking
c. develop Inner Poise

"123 lbs. (how is it possible to put on 4 pounds in the middle of the night? Could flesh have somehow solidified becoming denser and heavier? Repulsive, horrifying notion), alcohol units 4 (excellent), cigarettes 21 (poor but will give up totally tomorrow), number of correct lottery numbers 2 (better, but nevertheless useless)..."

Bridget Jones' Diary is the devastatingly self-aware, laugh-out-loud daily chronicle of Bridget's permanent, doomed quest for self-improvement — a year in which she resolves to: reduce the circumference of each thigh by 1.5 inches, visit the gym three times a week not just to buy a sandwich, form a functional relationship with a responsible adult, and learn to program the VCR.

Over the course of the year, Bridget loses a total of 72 pounds but gains a total of 74. She remains, however, optimistic. Through it all, Bridget will have you helpless with laughter, and — like millions of readers the world round — you'll find yourself shouting, "Bridget Jones is me!"



Published June 1st 1999 by Penguin Books (first published 1996)
ISBN 014028009X (ISBN13: 9780140280098)
Edition LanguageEnglish
SeriesBridget Jones #1
CharactersBridget Jones, Mark Darcy, Daniel Cleaver settingLondon, England (United Kingdom) 
Edinburgh, Scotland 

Literary AwardsAudie Award for Solo Narration - Female (2000), British Book of the Year (1998)



children:::


charlottes web


by E.B. White, Garth Williams (Illustrator), Rosemary Wells (Illustrations)


This beloved book by E. B. White, author of Stuart Little and The Trumpet of the Swan, is a classic of children's literature that is "just about perfect."
Some Pig. Humble. Radiant. These are the words in Charlotte's Web, high up in Zuckerman's barn. Charlotte's spiderweb tells of her feelings for a little pig named Wilbur, who simply wants a friend. They also express the love of a girl named Fern, who saved Wilbur's life when he was born the runt of his litter.
E. B. White's Newbery Honor Book is a tender novel of friendship, love, life, and death that will continue to be enjoyed by generations to come. This edition contains color illustrations by Garth Williams, the acclaimed illustrator of E.B. White's Stuart Little and Laura Ingalls Wilder's Little House series, among many other books.
Supports the Common Core State Standards

Published October 1st 2001 by HarperCollinsPublishers (first published 1952)
Original TitleCharlotte's Web
ISBN 0064410935 (ISBN13: 9780064410939)
Edition LanguageEnglish
URLhttp://www.harpercollins.com/9780064410939/charlottes-web-full-color
CharactersFern, Avery, Charlotte, Wilbur, Templeton settingUnited States of America 

Literary AwardsNewbery Honor (1953), George C. Stone Center for Children's Books Recognition of Merit Award (1970), Massachusetts Children's Book Award (1984), Laura Ingalls Wilder Award (1970)




The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe 

by C.S. Lewis

They open a door and enter a world 

NARNIA...the land beyond the wardrobe, the secret country known only to Peter, Susan, Edmund, and Lucy...the place where the adventure begins.

Lucy is the first to find the secret of the wardrobe in the professor's mysterious old house. At first, no one believes her when she tells of her adventures in the land of Narnia. But soon Edmund and then Peter and Susan discover the Magic and meet Aslan, the Great Lion, for themselves. In the blink of an eye, their lives are changed forever. 

Published 2005 by HarperCollins Publishers (first published October 16th 1950)
Original TitleThe Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe
ISBN 0060764899 (ISBN13: 9780060764890)
Edition LanguageEnglish
SeriesThe Chronicles of Narnia (Publication Order) #1, The Chronicles of Narnia (Chronological Order) #2
CharactersAslan, Lucy Pevensie, Edmund Pevensie, Mr. Tumnus, Peter Pevensie...more settingLondon, England (United Kingdom) 
Narnia 

Literary AwardsHugo Award Nominee for Best Novel (1954), Lewis Carroll Shelf Award (1962)


the hobbit::



by J.R.R. Tolkien

In a hole in the ground there lived a hobbit. Not a nasty, dirty, wet hole, filled with the ends of worms and an oozy smell, nor yet a dry, bare, sandy hole with nothing in it to sit down on or to eat: it was a hobbit-hole, and that means comfort.

Written for J.R.R. Tolkien’s own children, The Hobbit met with instant critical acclaim when it was first published in 1937. Now recognized as a timeless classic, this introduction to the hobbit Bilbo Baggins, the wizard Gandalf, Gollum, and the spectacular world of Middle-earth recounts of the adventures of a reluctant hero, a powerful and dangerous ring, and the cruel dragon Smaug the Magnificent. The text in this 372-page paperback edition is based on that first published in Great Britain by Collins Modern Classics (1998), and includes a note on the text by Douglas A. Anderson (2001). Unforgettable!


Published August 15th 2002 by Houghton Mifflin (first published September 21st 1937)
Original TitleThe Hobbit : or There and Back Again
ISBN 0618260307 (ISBN13: 9780618260300)
Edition LanguageEnglish
SeriesMiddle-Earth Universe, The History of the Hobbit #1-2
CharactersGandalf, Bilbo Baggins, Thorin Oakenshield, Smaug, Elrond Half-elven...more settingMiddle-earth 

Literary AwardsKeith Barker Millennium Book Award, Books I Loved Best Yearly (BILBY) Awards for Older Readers (1997), Mythopoeic Scholarship Award for Inklings Studies (1990)


Matilda

by Roald Dahl, Quentin Blake 

Matilda is a little girl who is far too good to be true. At age five-and-a-half she's knocking off double-digit multiplication problems and blitz-reading Dickens. Even more remarkably, her classmates love her even though she's a super-nerd and the teacher's pet. But everything is not perfect in Matilda's world. For starters she has two of the most idiotic, self-centered parents who ever lived. Then there's the large, busty nightmare of a school principal, Mrs. ("The") Trunchbull, a former hammer-throwing champion who flings children at will and is approximately as sympathetic as a bulldozer. Fortunately for Matilda, she has the inner resources to deal with such annoyances: astonishing intelligence, saintly patience, and an innate predilection for revenge.

She warms up with some practical jokes aimed at her hapless parents, but the true test comes when she rallies in defense of her teacher, the sweet Miss Honey, against the diabolical Trunchbull. There is never any doubt that Matilda will carry the day. Even so, this wonderful story is far from predictable. Roald Dahl, while keeping the plot moving imaginatively, also has an unerring ear for emotional truth. The reader cares about Matilda because in addition to all her other gifts, she has real feelings.


Published June 1st 1998 by Puffin (first published 1988)
Original TitleMatilda
ISBN 0141301066 (ISBN13: 9780141301068)
Edition LanguageEnglish
CharactersMatilda Wormwood, Miss Honey, Miss Trunchbull settingUnited Kingdom 

Literary AwardsPrijs van de Nederlandse Kinderjury for 10-12 jaar en 13-16 jaar (1989), Audie Award for Children's Titles Ages 8-12 (2014), Books I Loved Best Yearly (BILBY) Awards for Read Aloud (1990), Younger Readers (1997) (1990), West Australian Young Readers' Book Award (WAYRBA) for Younger Readers (1989), Rebecca Caudill Young Reader's Book Award (1991)





heidi

by Johanna Spyri, Angelo Rinaldi

Orphaned Heidi lives with her gruff but caring grandfather on the side of Swiss mountain, where she befriends young Peter the goat-herd. She leads an idyllic life, until she is forced to leave the mountain she has always known to go and live with a sickly girl in the city. Will Heidi ever see her grandfather again? A classic tale of a young girl's coming-of-age, of friendship, and familial love

Published November 15th 2002 by Kingfisher (first published 1881)
Original TitleHeidi
ISBN 0753454947 (ISBN13: 9780753454947)
Edition LanguageEnglish
SeriesHeidi #1-2


charlie and the chocolate factory

by Roald Dahl, Quentin Blake

Complete with stunning new movie art for the cover, and an eight-page full-color insert of stills from director Tim Burton's new adaptation, Dahl's treasured novel appears unabridged in this tie-in edition.


Published June 2nd 2005 by Puffin (first published 1964)
Original TitleCharlie and the Chocolate Factory
ISBN 0142403881 (ISBN13: 9780142403884)
Edition LanguageEnglish
SeriesCharlie Bucket #1
CharactersCharlie Bucket, Willy Wonka, Violet Beauregarde, Veruca Salt, Augustus Gloop...more
Literary AwardsBooks I Loved Best Yearly (BILBY) Awards for Read Aloud (1992), North Dakota Children's Choice Award 



